{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs24\lang9 \b [Date]\b0\par
\par
\b [Name of Principal/Administrator]\b0\par
\b [Title, e.g., Principal / School Administrator]\b0\par
Mindanaw Tribal School\par
\b [School Address]\b0\par
\par
Dear \b [Name of Principal/Administrator]\b0,\par
\par
Our team of Bachelor of Science in Information Technology (BSIT) students from \b [Name of your University/College]\b0 is currently developing a project focused on your esteemed institution. As part of our research and design process, it is essential for us to gather accurate information directly from you to ensure our work truly reflects the values, needs, and identity of the Mindanaw Tribal School.\par
\par
We respectfully request your permission to conduct a brief interview with you or a designated representative. The interview will focus on gathering specific information about the school's background, as well as your insights on design preferences and necessary features for our project.\par
\par
Please be assured that all information shared during the interview will be treated with the utmost respect and used solely for academic purposes. We are highly flexible and can schedule the interview at a date and time that is most convenient for you, whether it be in-person or via an online meeting.\par
\par
We are very eager to learn from you and are hopeful for the opportunity to collaborate on this meaningful project. Thank you very much for considering our request.\par
\par
Respectfully,\par
\par
\b [Your Name / Team Leader's Name]\b0\par
\b [Your Contact Information: Phone Number / Email]\b0\par
BSIT Student, \b [Name of your University/College]\b0\par
}
